I had come to Pune in search of a job. I gave interviews in lots of companies, including TCS.  Every time I was rejected. The main reason behind the rejection was that I had three years of gap in my academics. Most of the companies seek a person who speaks English well and has excellent academic records without any gap. They do not care about programming skills and logic. And, remaining companies want a person with experience. But they don't think that if they do not give a chance to freshers they how they would get an experience. 

I took a break and did lots of programming. Then I started to search for the job on online job portals. After taking a break of six months, I saw an advertisement for job openings in Krishagni. I visited it's a website, and found that it was the same job that I wanted. I applied for the job and got a quick response from the company. I first faced a telephonic interview, and after that, I was invited to the office for the face-to-face interview. The interview was taken by the CEO and founder of the Krishagni Solutions Pvt. Ltd. It was the mix type of interview, like technical and as well as nontechnical, also. I had never faced such a kind of interview before. It was of the best one among those I had faced before. I got selected for the internship. The internship was of a minimum of three months and would be extended if needed.

It was the journey to get selected in Krishagni for the internship, but the real challenge started when my internship began. I had never seen the company environment before. Hence, It was difficult for me to start with the internship, but as per the time, I became familiar with it. I hadn't thought that the internship would be better than my expectations. It is more than five months now that I am pursuing an internship. During this, I learned lots of things. 

It was only two months since I joined the company, and the Covid-19 pandemic started. Hence, we had to shut off the office and had to start work from home. But it also became an opportunity for me to learning new things like how to co-coordinate with colleagues through emails and phone calls. 

Initially, I had some programming assignments. When I was solving them, I was initially getting frustrated because of not addressing them as per the mentor's expectations. That was not challenging tasks, but the way solving them was not as like my mentor expected. Hence, I learned that the analysis of the problem is very important before solving it. We should have a proper plan, like analyzing the problem, finding a flow to solve the problem, then trying out it on paper, and final implementation.

Boss gives more importance to learning. He encourages all of us to learn new things daily and to read books. During this internship, I have developed a habit of reading a book every day.  I have done lots of courses during my internship. From which I learned Linux commands, networking, Python, Javascript, HTML, CSS, etc. I also worked on Google App Script. Two more interns joined the program after me. I always help them. It helps me to build leadership skills, improves my communication, confirm my knowledge, etc. 

Initially, it was challenging for me, but then I learned to manage. If you properly manage your time among different tasks and take small breaks with a cup of coffee, then it becomes easy to deal with it. You have to be very focused during this. I made lots of mistakes during my internship, and I also repeated some of those. But every time I learned from my mistakes. That not only helped me learn to do programming but also taught me a new lesson of life. Of course, now, I am much better than me, who was initially being before pursuing the internship. Thank you, Srikant sir, to let me be the part of the program.
